Information

Psychiatry
1. Inpatient Hospitals
2. Outpatient Programs
3. Public Clinics
4. Cross-Discipline Practices
5. Private Practice Psychiatrists
6. Psychiatrists/Practices/Clinics available through governmental services

Information provided for clinics & cross-discipline & multiple doctor practices
1. Names of all doctors/professionals currently practicing
2. Who is currently taking new patients
3. Specialties, if they have them, of each professional
4. Links to each individual doctor's/professional's information page
5. Address(es) of practice/clinic
6. Phone number(s) of practice/clinic
7. Website, if present, of practice/clinic
8. Insurance carriers accepted by practice/clinic 
	-if individual doctors take different insurances, details of what doctor takes what insurances
9. Stipulations/requirements for becoming a patient/using their services

Information provided for individual doctors/counselors/psychiatrists:
1. Currently Practicing
2. Currently taking new patients
3. Address(es)
4. Phone number(s)
5. Website, if present
6. Insurance carriers accepted
7. Specialties, if they have them

Information provided for Inpatient psychiatric facilities
1. Address
2. Phone number
3. Best way to get in touch & get admitted – often will be crisis help lines, not hospital's phone number
4. Doctors & other professionals currently associated with the hospital, and if they take outside patients
5. Insurance carriers accepted
6. Website, if present
7. Specialties they as hospital have 
8. Specialties of the professionals who work there

What will show up in search results:
1. For Clinics -searches for clinics will show clinics and cross-discipline practices, but grouped together by type, as in all public clinics together, and all private cross-discipline practices grouped together, clinics first then cross-discipline private practices below, clearly delineated
2. For Cross-Discipline Practices- Cross-Discipline Practices first, Clinics second, private practice psychiatrists third
3. For Psychiatrists: Private Practice Psychiatrists first, psychiatrists in Cross-Discipline Practices second, psychiatrists in Public clinics third (second and third may be swapped, not sure yet)
